Main Navigation:

KeepFit
1. Home 
2. About  (Section 1)
3. Our team (Section 4)
4. Contact (Section 6)
5. Become A Member(button) 

Section 0: Header with hero image and navigation
Title: None

GET FIT,STRONG
& MOTIVATED!

Button 1: Explore (go down to features section)


Section 1: About
Title: About Us

KeepFit was founded in 2002 as a family owned and operated business.The KeepFit founders didn’t want it to be just another gym - they wanted to be the best in the industry and set their minds to doing so!
Since its birth, KeepFit has grown into one of Australia’s largest gym having helped over 50,000 customers live longer, happier and healthier lives.

Working Hours     Happy Clients    Success Stories   Perfect Bodies



Section 2: Features
Title: Our Core Values

GET FIT
KeepFit training increases your strength and stamina, helps you sleep better, and gives you more energy throughout the day.

INNOVATION
Our culture of creative innovation in people, processes and products bring ideas into reality.

HAVE FUN
KeepFit members motivate each other, build friendly bonds, and enjoy a community of high-energy, healthy fun.

TEAM WORK
We are committed to common goals. Effective communication and accountability makes our team achieve greater results.


Section 3: OUR TEAM
Title: OUR TEAM

Here at KeepFit, we have a team of approximately forty awesome superstars and we owe our success to each and every one of them!
Because we hire for culture first and foremost, we have some pretty awesome people working with us who hustle everyday to give you a positive customer experience.
You can find them in areas such as body-building, customer service, warehousing, finance, human resources and management.


Section 4: CUSTOMER TESTIMONIALS
Title: MEET OUR INSPIRATION

I don't know where to start. I am feeling stronger than I ever have before. Thank you KeepFit for helping me out!
(Alberto Duncan)

I spend half the time in the gym than I us to- and I'm fitter than I've ever been. Just got my first muscle up at age 40!
(Milton Chapman)

This gym helped me lose 20 pounds in 2 months.I love feeling strong!
(Milton Chapman)
 

Section 5: Sign up and pricing plans
Title: READY TO GET STARTED?

Plan 1: Premium
399$ per month
Unlimited Equipments
No Time Restriction
Personal Trainer
Community Support & Fun


Plan 2: Pro
149$ per month
Unlimited Equipments
No Time Restriction
Personal Trainer
Community Support & Fun


Plan 3: Starter
Unlimited Equipments
Time from 8 am to 12 pm
Community Support & Fun!

Section 7: Contact form
Title: We're happy to hear from you

Fields to include:
Name
Email
How did you find us?
Newsletter
Drop us a line

Section 8: Footer
Title: None

Navigation:
1. About us
2. Blog
3. Press
4. iOS App
5. Android App

Also include links to facebook, twitter, google+ and Instagram accounts.
